fix(apple): Custom error descr no grouping impact (#6524)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/capture-error/apple.mdx

This feature is available on [sentry-cocoa 7.25.0](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#7250) and above.

> By default, Sentry will display the error code as the error description. For custom error types, you may want to provide a custom description that makes it easier to identify the error in the **Issues** page. You can provide a custom description for `NSError` values by adding a description to the `userInfo` dictionary with the key `NSDebugDescriptionErrorKey`. Customizing error descriptions doesn't impact grouping. Sentry will still group errors based on the error domain and code and for
> Swift enum types by enum value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry will display the error code in the error description field by default. For custom error types, you may want to provide a custom description to make it easier to identify the error in the *Issues* page. For `NSError` values, this can be done by adding a description to the `userInfo` dictionary with the key `NSDebugDescriptionErrorKey`. 

Sentry will group errors based on the error domain and code, and by enum value for Swift enum types, so customizing error descriptions won’t impact grouping. 
```
